docs:bt mesh concept pages (#2488)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_bt_mesh_concepts.rst

.. _mesh_concepts:

Bluetooth Mesh concepts
#######################

Bluetooth Mesh is a profile specification developed and published by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG).
This document explains the basic concepts of the Bluetooth Mesh and gives an overview of the operation and capabilities of the profile, as well as the life cycle of a mesh device.

> For more information about Nordic Semiconductor's implementation of the Bluetooth Mesh, see :ref:`Bluetooth Mesh architecture documentation <mesh_architecture>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the |NCS| implementation of the Bluetooth Mesh, see :ref:`Bluetooth Mesh architecture documentation <mesh_architecture>`.
```

The Bluetooth Mesh is based on the |BLE| part of the Bluetooth 4.0 Specification, and shares the lowest layers with this protocol.
On-air, the Bluetooth Mesh physical representation is compatible with existing |BLE| devices, as mesh messages are contained inside the payload of |BLE| *advertisement* packets.
However, Bluetooth Mesh specifies a completely new host layer, and although some concepts are shared, Bluetooth Mesh is incompatible with the |BLE| host layer.

.. figure:: /images/bt_mesh_and_ble.svg
   :alt: Relationship between Bluetooth Mesh and |BLE| specifications

   Relationship between Bluetooth Mesh and |BLE| specifications

Read more about basic Bluetooth Mesh concepts in the following sections:

* :ref:`Application areas <mesh_concepts_app_areas>`

> * :ref:`Network topology and relaying <mesh_concepts_network_topo>`, including information about :ref:`transport <mesh_concepts_network_topo_transport>`, :ref:`relays <mesh_concepts_network_topo_relays>`, :ref:`power consumption <mesh_concepts_network_topo_power>`, and :ref:`GATT proxy <mesh_concepts_network_topo_gatt>`.

Reviewer: Perhaps the subsubsections should be a list too?

Reviewer 2: I would use here:
```
.. contents::
    :local:
    :depth: 2
```
This will cover both section and subsection names.

.. _mesh_concepts_security:

Security
********

Bluetooth Mesh employs several security measures to prevent third-party interference and monitoring:

* :ref:`mesh_concepts_security_authentication`
* :ref:`mesh_concepts_security_encryption`
* :ref:`mesh_concepts_security_privacy`
* :ref:`mesh_concepts_security_replay_protection`

.. _mesh_concepts_security_authentication:

Authentication
==============

Device authentication is part of the provisioning process and lets the user confirm that the device being added to the network is indeed the device they think it is.

The Mesh Profile Specification defines a range of out-of-band authentication methods, such as:

* Blinking of lights
* Output and input of passphrases
* Static authentication against a pre-shared key

To secure the provisioning procedure, elliptic curve Diffie-Helman (ECDH) public key cryptography is used.
After a device has been provisioned, it is part of the network and all its messages are considered authenticated.

.. _mesh_concepts_security_encryption:

Message encryption
==================

Bluetooth Mesh features two levels of AES-CCM encryption with 128-bit keys for all messages going across the network:

> * **Network encryption**: The lowest layer that protects all messages in a mesh network from being readable by devices that are not part of the network.

Reviewer 2: I suggest transforming this and lines 290-295 into a definition formatting:
```
Network encryption
<indent>The lowest layer that protects all messages in a mesh network from being readable by devices that are not part of the network.
```
